# packages in environment at /home/juyahao/.conda/envs/jittor:
#
# Name                    Version                   Build  Channel
_libgcc_mutex             0.1                        main    defaults
_openmp_mutex             5.1                       1_gnu    defaults
astunparse                1.6.3                    pypi_0    pypi
ca-certificates           2025.6.15            hbd8a1cb_0    conda-forge
contourpy                 1.1.1                    pypi_0    pypi
cycler                    0.12.1                   pypi_0    pypi
filelock                  3.13.1                   pypi_0    pypi
fonttools                 4.57.0                   pypi_0    pypi
fsspec                    2024.6.1                 pypi_0    pypi
importlib-resources       6.4.5                    pypi_0    pypi
jinja2                    3.1.4                    pypi_0    pypi
jittor                    1.3.9.14                 pypi_0    pypi
kiwisolver                1.4.7                    pypi_0    pypi
ld_impl_linux-64          2.40                 h12ee557_0    defaults
libffi                    3.4.4                h6a678d5_1    defaults
libgcc-ng                 11.2.0               h1234567_1    defaults
libgomp                   11.2.0               h1234567_1    defaults
libstdcxx-ng              12.3.0               hc0a3c3a_7    conda-forge
llvm-openmp               17.0.6               h6c133c5_0    defaults
lz4-c                     1.9.4                h6a678d5_1    defaults
markupsafe                2.1.5                    pypi_0    pypi
matplotlib                3.7.5                    pypi_0    pypi
mpmath                    1.3.0                    pypi_0    pypi
ncurses                   6.4                  h6a678d5_0    defaults
networkx                  3.0                      pypi_0    pypi
numpy                     1.24.4                   pypi_0    pypi
nvidia-cublas-cu11        11.11.3.6                pypi_0    pypi
nvidia-cuda-cupti-cu11    11.8.87                  pypi_0    pypi
nvidia-cuda-nvrtc-cu11    11.8.89                  pypi_0    pypi
nvidia-cuda-runtime-cu11  11.8.89                  pypi_0    pypi
nvidia-cudnn-cu11         9.1.0.70                 pypi_0    pypi
nvidia-cufft-cu11         10.9.0.58                pypi_0    pypi
nvidia-curand-cu11        10.3.0.86                pypi_0    pypi
nvidia-cusolver-cu11      11.4.1.48                pypi_0    pypi
nvidia-cusparse-cu11      11.7.5.86                pypi_0    pypi
nvidia-nccl-cu11          2.20.5                   pypi_0    pypi
nvidia-nvtx-cu11          11.8.86                  pypi_0    pypi
openssl                   3.0.16               h5eee18b_0    defaults
packaging                 25.0                     pypi_0    pypi
pillow                    10.2.0                   pypi_0    pypi
pip                       24.2             py38h06a4308_0    defaults
pyparsing                 3.1.4                    pypi_0    pypi
python                    3.8.20               he870216_0    defaults
python-dateutil           2.9.0.post0              pypi_0    pypi
readline                  8.2                  h5eee18b_0    defaults
scipy                     1.10.1                   pypi_0    pypi
setuptools                75.1.0           py38h06a4308_0    defaults
six                       1.17.0                   pypi_0    pypi
sqlite                    3.45.3               h5eee18b_0    defaults
sympy                     1.13.3                   pypi_0    pypi
tk                        8.6.14               h39e8969_0    defaults
torch                     2.4.1+cu118              pypi_0    pypi
torchaudio                2.4.1+cu118              pypi_0    pypi
torchvision               0.19.1+cu118             pypi_0    pypi
tqdm                      4.67.1                   pypi_0    pypi
triton                    3.0.0                    pypi_0    pypi
typing-extensions         4.12.2                   pypi_0    pypi
wheel                     0.44.0           py38h06a4308_0    defaults
xz                        5.6.4                h5eee18b_1    defaults
zipp                      3.20.2                   pypi_0    pypi
zlib                      1.2.13               h5eee18b_1    defaults
zstd                      1.5.6                hc292b87_0    defaults
